Add note about the necessary inclusion of `sizes` when `srcset` with width descriptor is used (#23862)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/htmlimageelement/srcset/index.md

can be used together to make pages that use appropriate images for the rendering
situation.

> > **Note:** If the {{htmlattrdef("srcset")}} attribute uses width descriptors, the `sizes` attribute must also be present, or the `srcset` itself will be ignored.

Author: ```suggestion
> **Note:** If the {{htmlattrxref("srcset", "img")}} attribute uses width descriptors, the `sizes` attribute must also be present, or the `srcset` itself will be ignored.
```
